# Week 7 - Updates: DURF Grant and Issue Reviewing

- I spent most of last week working on a DURF Grant which I submitted on November 2nd. The title of the proposal is: 
**Sustained Effort in Open Source: Establishing a Metric for Evaluating User Contributions and Designing a Model for a Successful Open Source Project**

I also did some work with tracing closed issues for Open Street Maps. I went to the Closed Issues section on GitHub and 
selected this one: [https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/7968]. 
  - Essentially, the bug was that the function kuiper_false_positive_probability was returning a negative probability when the 
  sample size was close to 1. Clearly a probability cannot be negative so this is a significant problem! 
  - I thought it was interesting that the contributors referred to published literature in order to investigate the problem. 
  - When referring back to literature with the equations used in the function, it turns out that there were some typos in the 
  equation which were giving these negative probabilities.
  - Someone fixed the typos, and the issue was closed.
Another issue that was closed that I looked at: [https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/8079]. Here there was some conversion that 
was causing the program to crash. The person who found the problem provided the output that showed the crash. Although it looks
complicated, the problem was actually due to the version of Numpy! The issue was resolved pretty quickly.

[https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/8010]

**Open Issues:**
This might be a good introductory issue where a contribution could be made: [https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/7960]. A lot
of the issues are very specific or require some advanced math, so I am a little bit confused. This issue essentially is requesting
an error message. 
  
